docs: document new TypeSpec Suppressions CI check (#44945)
Azure/azure-rest-api-specs: documentation/ci-fix.md

suppression, prefer fixing the underlying issue:

1. **Address the underlying lint issue first.** For each surfaced suppression,
   determine whether the flagged rule can instead be resolved in the spec. If so,
   remove the `#suppress` directive (or the `linter.disable` entry in
   `tspconfig.yaml`) and fix the underlying problem rather than suppressing it.
2. **Only if the suppression is genuinely necessary**, ensure it has a clear,
   meaningful justification. Every suppression must include a justification
   string explaining why the rule cannot be satisfied; suppressions with no
   justification are flagged.
3. **If the suppression is legitimate and requires approval**, ask the
   appropriate reviewer to apply the `Approved-TypeSpecSuppression` label.

### Reproduce locally

The check is powered by the `@azure-tools/typespec-suppressions` CLI. See
[`eng/tools/typespec-suppressions/README.md`](https://github.com/Azure/azure-rest-api-specs/blob/main/eng/tools/typespec-suppressions/README.md)
for usage. For example, to compare your branch against `main`:

``` powershell
npx typespec-suppressions --base origin/main <path-to-typespec-project-folder>
```

> 

Reviewer: I think we should include a link to the first doc on typespec suppressions:

For more information on TypeSpec linting rules, see: https://aka.ms/tsp-suppress/tsp-to-lintdiff

Author: Done! Added it to step 1 where we tell folks to address the underlying issue first

> [Suppression Process](#suppression-process) below.

This check detects **new or changed TypeSpec lint suppressions** introduced by
your PR and surfaces them for review. It analyzes two kinds of suppressions in
the TypeSpec projects impacted by your changes:

- **Inline suppressions**: `#suppress` directives in `.tsp` files.
- **Config suppressions**: `linter.disable` entries in `tspconfig.yaml`.

The check runs as the following workflows (mirroring the three-run structure used
by other validations in this repo):

| Check name | Purpose |
|------------|---------|
| `TypeSpec Suppressions - Analyze Code` | Computes the impacted TypeSpec folders, runs the analyzer, writes the markdown summary + a JSON report artifact (`typespec-suppressions-report`), and emits inline `::warning` annotations anchored to each suppression on the PR diff. |
| `TypeSpec Suppressions - Set Status` | Reports the check status; approval is granted by applying the `Approved-TypeSpecSuppression` label. |
| `TypeSpec Suppressions - Test` | Runs the analyzer tool's own test suite. |

### Where to see the results

- A **"TypeSpec suppressions requiring review"** section is added to the

>   "Next Steps to Merge" PR comment, listing the new/changed suppressions with

Author: ```suggestion
- A **"TypeSpec suppressions requiring review"** comment is surfaced on the
  PR , listing the new/changed suppressions with
```
